nexus security clarification - add limitation warning to Option 3 encryption pattern (#4626)
temporalio/documentation: docs/encyclopedia/nexus/nexus-security.mdx

Use wrapper types (for example, `EndpointValue`) so the Data Converter selects an Endpoint-specific encryption key.
This encrypts only Nexus traffic with a dedicated key, without sharing Namespace keys across teams.

:::warning Limited to string-based operation names

When calling `ExecuteOperation` with a non-string operation (for example, an operation definition or reference), the wrapper changes the input type and `ExecuteOperation` fails type-checking:

```
cannot assign argument of type "<WrapperType>" to type "<ActualInputType>"
```

This approach only works when the operation is passed as a string name.

> For typed operations, pass the Nexus endpoint info through the workflow context instead of the wrapped input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For typed operations, pass the Nexus endpoint info through the Workflow context instead of the wrapped input.
```

Use wrapper types (for example, `EndpointValue`) so the Data Converter selects an Endpoint-specific encryption key.
This encrypts only Nexus traffic with a dedicated key, without sharing Namespace keys across teams.

:::warning Limited to string-based operation names

When calling `ExecuteOperation` with a non-string operation (for example, an operation definition or reference), the wrapper changes the input type and `ExecuteOperation` fails type-checking:

```

> cannot assign argument of type "converter.NexusOperation" to type "…EchoInput"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
cannot assign argument of type "<WrapperType>" to type "<ActualInputType>"
```

```

This approach only works when the operation is passed as a string name.
For typed operations, pass the Nexus endpoint info through the workflow context instead of the wrapped input.

> This requires a Nexus workflow outbound interceptor and a context-aware codec converter, and does not work with synchronous operations.

Reviewer 2: >does not work with synchronous operations

Is this true? I don't have enough knowledge to know for sure, will need to get someone from the Nexus team to confirm

Reviewer 3: I don't think we have a concept of a `context-aware codec converter` so I don't think this section is correct? Where did this information come from?

Reviewer 2: i think it's referring to a custom implementation like this https://github.com/temporalio/saas-control-plane/blob/94dd6279177060599fef797d4fe647012b7e6f2d/services/codec/converter.go#L73-L86

Reviewer 3: AH but that requires a whole customer `DataConverter`, not just a context-aware codec converter.
